If I tell you whatever, I'm going nowhere, I'm permanent, sure.
Number two, reason for being permanent is because you are part of a building.
First Corinthians chapter three, verse nine.
For we are laborers together with God.
You are God's husbandry.
You are God's building.
Amen.
You are what?
God's building.
Now, because you are part of God's building, this is poor telling us, we are part of a building.
Can you imagine when you go home today and all the toilets in your house have left the house?
The toilets say that we are no more part of the church.
We are offended.
We close down and there's a space there.
We will be happy.
What about if the kitchen decides that, look, all of us in the kitchen have decided that we are no more part of this house and we are living.
You have a house without the kitchen, that's when you see.
Now you must, it must be some kind of magical occurrence for a part of a building to disappear.
And I trust that there's no magician here.
As you know, you are a magician.
Yes.
That is why you see, when people leave churches, they break the church.
Because you need to break to remove the toilets.
You need to break to remove the kitchen.
You need to break to remove your room.
You need to break.
That's why when people leave, you think they are doing nothing, but they are breaking.
They are breaking a section of the church.
Yes, that's what it is.
They are break, and that is why we respond wildly to breakers.
Ask your neighbor, are you a break church breaker?
Are you here with a chisel?
To chisel a section of the church out?
Yes.
That is why we are teaching you permanence.
Don't chisel your way out.
Rather, you must understand that God has made you so much a part.
Now, what is an independent toilet going to do on its own?
Think of it, you just go as an independent toilet.
Yes, you are important, but your importance is because you are part of the house.
If you like, try and see.
Many times you see that when you extract yourself, you become, you become, how many toilets are reused?
When you break the toilet, you come out, how many old toilets are reused?
At the end of it.
You were important.
You were polished all the time.
You were cleaned.
You were used.
They settled you like a throne.
A white throne.
You were spread with airy freshness and abduct, beautiful, centered creams.
You were in a private room.
and you decided to break yourself out, you turn into nothing.
A ruin.
I'm teaching you permanence, eh?
See yourself as part of a building.
You will never decide to break yourself out because you realize that your relevance is being a part of the change.
Once I'm a visitor, I've visited many presidents.
Once I'm a visitor president, when I walked in, when I walked in, the first, his first, when, to what do I owe this honor?
Not as a doctor, my belonging to the church made him see it as an honor that I was in his house.
Yes.
An honor because I was in his house and from the house of God.
So you may not know how your relevance is because you are part of something.
Yes.
There are some people, if I was to just mention your name,
Everybody will help you.
It's true.
Everybody will help you because my name is attached to you.
Everybody will help you.
Are you listening?
They say, are you part of this?
Is it the same?
Really?
Do you know?
Are you part of this?
They say, oh yeah, I was just a pilot.
He said, yes, but were you part of a building?
Yes, I was a toilet for the guest toilet.
I wasn't used much.
But I said, wow, you are the guest toilet of this house.
Please come.
Wow.
So remember your relevance is because you are a toilet in a certain house.
It's a great toilet.
You know, this year, I think it was this year, I was invited to England, and I was in one of the castles.
This is called the Castle of Palaces.
You know, Buckingham Palace, this palace, my palace, the palace, I was just near Buckingham Palace.
It was all the same area.
It was a palace.
Hey!
I went into the toilet of the palace.
How many would like to see that toilet?
It was unnatural about the toilet in a palace, I tell you, it's a palatial toilet.
May you be a palatial toilet for God's house.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Tell you whenever I'm part of a building and I'm not breaking myself out to become useless.
Number three, you are part of a garden.
You are God's vineyard.
1 Corinthians 3, verse 9 says, you are God's husbandry.
Change that version, please.
To a more modern version.
You are God's husbandry.
Change it to another version.
NIV, something else.
You are God's field.
This is your God's field.
So God sees you as part of his field.
Isaiah 5, 5, it says,
Now go to, I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard or my garden.
Amen.
I will take away the hedge thereof and it shall be eaten up.
I will break down the wall and it shall be trodden down.
Amen.
You are part of a garden.
In fact, God calls you His garden.
You are God's garden.
I always remember a message by Kenneth Higgins.
He had three tips on that God's garden.
Yes, you are God's garden.
And you are part of a garden.
You are one of the plants in the garden.
You add to the beauty of the garden.
Your presence makes the garden beautiful.
So your presence makes the church beautiful.
And as soon as you are uprooted, your days are numbered.
Most plants cannot survive being uprooted.
A bishop brings us an agriculturalist.
Is it true or not?
Very true.
Especially when they are grown.
No way.
It was trained well.
It was trained in no way.
That is why you see somebody in the church, huh?
The person is doing well, flourishing, important.
Then it occurs to the person to move.
That idea is demonic.
It is a normal thinking of a human being.
It comes.
In fact, it is said that men change their jobs five times in their lifetime, and the women just keep the same job.
Yes.
In fact, in the human resource, whatever, they say that women are far more fit for their men.
But the men keep on changing because they are always looking for something.
When the women, when they find one, they just stay there forever.
My sister is a human resource lawyer.
So she was telling me.
So the woman who stay, they're not looking for anything.
If you treat her nice, you are kind to her.
She will just be there with you.
But the men, to their application, tomorrow application, another bank, another place, always looking for something.
But you see, when you are doing well at a place and you are uprooted, you see the roots get cut.
The roots get cut.
So when you go and replant it, then it becomes weirded.
So some of you may be doing well here, you may be dancing stars, you may be the choir, maybe doing something in church that you'll be surprised the day that you approach yourself.
Or you are uprooted by somebody, you will be surprised that you will die.
Yes.
Some years ago, I was watching television.
Do you watch television?
Yes.
And I saw a great worship leader.
If I sing one of his songs, I won't sing it to you because you may know the person.
There are songs we sing.
And he was being interviewed on this Christian channel.
And he said his life
has been to hell and come back.
So I said, look, he was the main person in the church.
And some people came from America and offered him to be, he said, he said on the television, they offered me this, offered this, offered this, offered this, and I took it.
And I went, I said, when I went, all the things they said were not so, as they said.
He said, I've been through darkness.
I said, when you lose your position, it's not easy to come back.
I've been through so much.
Because I was important where I was.
I was a plant in God's garden.
But when I was a plant, my life source went out.
So one of the greatest tricks of the devil is to tell you, jump and fly.
It's what he told Jesus, fly.
You are on earth, oh, it says fly.
Jump and fly.
Try a jump.
Jesus said I didn't try.
and try no jumping.
No jumping here, sorry.
No jumping here.
If the devil told Jesus and you are Jesus's follower and he told Jesus to jump when he was stable, he was stable on the ground.
Everything was okay.
He was on the ground.
Even though he was fast and he was hungry, he was on the ground.
He was stable and the devil suggested to come on, man, you can fly.
Come on, man, fly.
God will help you.
You'll be prepared with the wind.
Power from God will keep you.
Sorry.
God will keep you as you jump.
It was an attach.
He brought him to Jerusalem, put him on the church and said, jump.
Jump from the church.
This is one of the devil's communists.
What do you call it?
It is jump from the church.
Jump from your church.
Let me try it from up here.
Jeremy, come here, let's see.
Shalacham!
You are saying, no, what about you?
Are you also going to jump?
Thank you.
The devil is wicked old.
Jump from your place.
And that's when you see that you are nothing.
And you'll be all cracked and broken.
Now there are some eggs.
Pray that your egg doesn't drop.
Humpty Dumpty.
Do you remember Humpty Dumpty?
What does it say?
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall.
Humpty Dumpty had a grade four.
All the king's forces and all the king's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
And what was Humpty Dumpty?
It was an egg.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall.
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
All the Kingsmen and all the Kings horses couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
You are Humpty Dumpty today, and you are sitting on the wall, or you are sitting on the church.
And the enemy is saying, Humpty Dumpty!
Humpty Dumpty!
Jump!
Jump, you are very important on your own, you see?
You see?
Look, I'll tell you something.
I am nothing without the people that God has given me.
It's true.
You are also nothing.
If I am nothing without the people, you are following me.
Now, how many people are you?
I am no people.
Then how many people are you?
You are following me.
And I'm no people.
Where are we?
ourselves, even though we are all bad.
How many realize that we are bad?
And the person is sitting as you may be bad, but we need ourselves.
True or not true?
Yes.
You know, badness next to devils, we have what human beings.
The next group of bad life, if you are talking of ranking of badness, after devils, the next group is who?
Humans, it's us.
No animals, fuck below.
Lion will not even kill you if he's not hungry.
You sleep.
They are the laziest fathers and mothers, you can find them.
They sleep 19 hours a day.
Yes, they are very lazy parents.
If you wanted to have a good father, you must choose an ostrich.
He really care for you after the egg.
He comes the whole day he'll be there watching you.
Yes, but never choose a lion.
They are very lazy to be as far as this.
Are you still here?
Yeah.
Tell somebody I'm learning how to be permanent to them.
Number four, you are part of a tree.
You are part of a tree.
You're part of a tree.
I am divine, John 15, verse five.
You are the branches.
He's a writer than me.
And I and him, the same bringer forth much fruit, for without me, you can do nothing.
You are part of a tree.
Have I given you that point already?
So point number one is what?
They're part of a family, point number two.
Part of a building, point number three.
Part of a garden, point number four, you're part of a tree.
Amen.
I am divine, you are the branches.
He's not abiding in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit.
So brothers and sisters, abiding, just staying connected.
It's the master key to doing well in future.
Be permanent is what I am preaching about.
Abiding in the King James Bible language is the same where abiding either abided in me.
You may as well say, he that is permanently in me.
The same brings forth much fruit.
That's why Satan is always suggesting jump, jump, sister, jump, jump, brother, jump.
Jump sister.
You are not going to get a beloved here.
You know it.
You're not going to get a beloved here.
Yes.
You're not going here.
I mean, you'll be here for so long.
Nobody has proposed to you.
Jump.
It's time to jump.
I'm not getting married.
You can see it's been six years.
He that abideth in me.
He that stays in me.
You know, I've been in the church.
I've been a Christian for so many years.
Serving the Lord and working in the church.
And now I have a greater passion to love, my Lord.
God made the sun, the moon, and the stars.
God is so great, yet He seems so far.
When I talk to him, it seems that he doesn't even hear.
How can I love guru?
I cannot see.
This is my dream, the goal of my life.
So take my life and life.
all my days I give to thee.
To love you, Lord, is our great command.
Lord, I want to love you more.
Fall in love with you so deeply, not show me how
I've been a Christian so many years.
Seven the Lord and working in the church.
That's the whole idea.
I've been a Christian for so many years.
Seven the Lord and working in the church.
That's abiding.
Yes, I became a pastor 31 years ago.
I've been a Christian for so many years.
Seven the Lord and working in the church.
I'm still working in the church.
Today is Sunday and I'm in the church and I'm working.
Thanks.
You're working in the church for years.
So when you are permanent, how many of you would like me to go and do my postgraduate in surgery?
What do you call it?
Cardiothoracic surgery so that I can do your open heart surgery when you have a heart attack.
How many would you like me to be the surgeon for your open?
I have to go and study for just seven years.
So maybe by the year 20, 26 to 20, 27, I'll be back.
And then in case you have a heart attack, I'll be the one.
Would you like that?
You want me to continue seven in the church?
Winning souls in the church, isn't it?
Yes.
Same church.
And you can't imagine how this church is going to change.
It's going to grow.
It's going to get better.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
It's something.
I wish you'll be there to see it.
Yeah, so beautiful, so great, so fantastic, so amazing.
I've been a Christian for so many years, saving the law and working in the church.
And that is what it means to abide, abide.
Number five.
The fifth reason for you being a permanent member is that when you are planted, when you are permanent, you will flourish.
You will flourish.
Psalm 92 verse 13.
Those that are planted in the house of the Lord, shall what?
Flourish.
in the courts of the Lord.
I see you, Flourish.
But I think we don't understand the word Flourish.
Please tell us the meaning of the word Flourish.
Flourish.
Please, can we have a separate computer for dictionaries?
Okay?
Yeah.
So that you are ready to explain things to us.
All right.
Now, can we have the meaning of the word Flourish?
You guys have your phones here.
Check it out.
Now anybody who has a person next to you sending WhatsApp words and preaching, let fire that phone will not last.
Shall I catch the phone?
You cannot put your phone away for just 30 minutes, one hour to listen to preaching.
You have to be responding to WhatsApp and writing in your notes things to do this week.
Is it a time to write things to do?
Check the meaning of the word, flourish, to thrive or to grow well.
Those who are planted in the house of the Lord, to prosper or to fare well, to be in a period of greatest influence, to make bold, sweeping movements.
Wow.
So when you are planted in the house of the Lord, you flourish.
You thrive and you grow well.
You fly high.
Begin flying high.
In the name of Jesus of Nazareth.
Amen.
Beautiful.
Flying high.
Fly high.
Be planted and fly high.
You can be a pastor unless they come for you with a bus.
You will not come to church.
What type of person are you?
No bus, no church.
Shall they come for me otherwise me?
I can't come home.
No, your church is far away, or shall they come to that church again, who?
Who bought you?
Shall they or church, I love if he come there again, no, but the place he found?
No.
Be planted and you'll be surprised.
You'll be surprised.
Look, I've been in this work for some years and I'm not saying it just for the sake of the church working.
I'm saying it for your life.
Yes, I'm saying it for your life.
You see good days as you are part of the church.
Amen.
You see good days.
You flourish in the cots of the Lord.
You flourish.
You thrive.
You do well in the cots of the Lord.
Amen.
You believe it?
Yes.
Beautiful.
How many points do you have?
Only five.
Six.
We are getting to the end.
Number six.
The sixth reason for being a permanent is so that you can invest freely in the church.
Now, when you are permanent, you can invest because you know you'll be here.
When you are in a rented house, you don't invest freely.
But if it is for you, today you are breaking here, tomorrow you are adding here.
That's the difference.
So if this church is your church,
then you invest freely knowing that my child is going to be in the same church.
Yes.
Your wedding will be held right here.
The blessing of the Lord will be your portion.
Number seven, you must be a permanent member of the church because you will have a family to celebrate
your victories.
Amen.
Romans 12, verse 15, it says, rejoice with them that do rejoice.
Rejoice with them that do rejoice and whip with them that whip.
So one of the reasons for the check is for rejoicing.
Now, when you are having your wedding, our God blesses
your child to get married or whatever good thing there is.
You have people to celebrate with.
Why do you think people have houses with gardens?
It's to have a party.
They never even look at the garden.
It's for celebrations.
One or two celebrations.
40th birthday, 30th birthday, 50th birthday.
Your daughter's engagements.
Oh, I'm wrong.
Yes, outdoors.
That is the whole idea.
So rejoicing is for those, when you are getting married and somebody doesn't know people in the church, the person has very little rejoicing.
It's like if you're happy, be happy unto yourself.
That is why sometimes when you are blessed, people always want to tell, oh, God, let's give him this.
God has blessed me with this, because joy shed is double joy.
And sorrow shed is half of the sorrow.
So who are you going to have to share your joys with?
Since you are not deeply in the church.
This is on to you.
Oh, you are not rich, it's on to you.
That's why when people have watches, they want to tell you, my watch is a Rolex watch.
We have not even seen.
We thought it was one of these tunale watches over here.
You have to say, my watch is Rolex.
So do you know that it's Rolex?
My shoes are from Singapore.
Unless you say we don't know, but somebody should be happy with you.
Oh, life.
Write it down.
Life is made up of moments.
and you must rejoice in every moment God gives you.
Moments.
Tell the person sitting by you, Charlie, I'll be rejoicing with you soon.
Number eight, you must be a permanent member because so that you will see the fruit of your labor.
Wow.
So that you see the fruit of your labor.
When you are permanent, you will be here when we are 25,000.
And you will be seen and say, wow.
Even those of you are here, now you remember when we were 300 and 200.
Isn't it true?
How many were here when we were 200 and 300?
Yes, those of you came at the beginning.
Some didn't come, but those who came.
Now we have become 6,000.
And we are increasing.
Number nine, permanent members is important to avoid the deception of short relationships.
Now, whenever you have a short relationship, you only know a person to a point.
Sometimes it takes you many years before you know a person.
Amen?
So that is why the Bible talks about a strange woman.
The word strange is the word stranger.
I don't think strange is not a King James word.
It just means stranger, unknown.
The woman is like a phantic inking.
Every leaf you remove leads you to another leaf.
Not a gun, can't kill.
Fenty, can't kill.
Or am I wrong?
All right.
Every secret leads to another secret.
When you remove one ship, you think you are there.
No, there's another one.
When you move it, there's another one.
Is that how fantasy is it?
Is that a reason why?
After that, there's rubber around the can't kill.
Gods are more straightforward when you remove it.
That's me over here.
I'm telling you how I feel.
But the fancies will be like this and like this.
True or not true?
Yes.
Because it's all kinky but you don't know why.
One thing that we will eat now, there are so many wrappings.
Look at the person sitting next to you, eyeball to eyeball and ask the person, what will it be like if I know you for a long time?
How would you be like?
How would it be like?
Hey!
Have you ever seen a handsome man divorcing a beautiful woman before?
Huh?
Have you seen a handsome man divorcing a beautiful woman before?
And when you see them sitting together, they look like, they look like a couple's.
They look like what?
A couple's.
Not a couple, a couple's.
One day a brother said, you look like a couple's.
He said, yes.
Because he was expressing himself.
It looked like a couple's.
There are two.
How many have seen a nice girl in a nice boy in their caroline?
You wonder.
Three were not true.
So that's what it's like when you know yourself for some time, when you realize that
The deception of the short relationship, you are avoiding it.
Yes.
There are people, they are very nice to my body, don't look nice.
If you marry them, you'll be happy.
You have a nice time.
Nice time.
How many want to have a nice time?
Wow.
There are some brothers, they look mulliganos.
You know what is mulliganos?
Mulligan, when you go and play golf, and you play the shot, and it's a bad shot.
There are people who are playing with you who say, it's a Mulligan.
That means I will forget about it.
Like, no problem.
We haven't seen.
It's not scoring.
It's not working.
So some brothers, they are not scoring, not working.
Things are not good about them.
But that's the nice man to mind.
When you marry him, it will be like a pet.
actually keeping the house.
It will be there always.
It never goes out.
It's always in the house with you.
Would you like to have such a present?
You can stroke him when you want it.
Sit down, he will sit.
Stand up, he will stand.
How many reasons do you have for being permanent?
Nine reasons.
What is reason number nine?
They'll do what?
Avoid the deception of short relationships.
And number 10, you have consistent pastoral care.
Consistent pastoral care.
You know why some people leave churches because they are known in that church?
Yes.
So when they go to a new church, they'll do, oh, Pastor, thank God for your ministry.
In fact, God has really blessed me since I came here.
I feel anointing them, so many things that you are doing, I really appreciate it.
You see, Pastor, I've been to many churches, but this church is different from all miscellaneous churches that I know.
I feel the power of God, my thank God that I'm here now,
from today, I am fully committed.
Meanwhile, you have been stealing offerings in the other church and you were caught as an Asha who steals.
And you've come to this new church where the pastor doesn't know you and suddenly you are trying to push your way for it.
So when you have people permanent for a long time, it's like we know you.
Yes.
One day I saw a guy, he was a thief, I tell you.
and I saw him moving with another pastor of another check, he had been sat with, even put a picture, beware of this guy.
I saw him moving with the pastor, he was the pastor's man, because there are some people, they are very good at endearing themselves.
When they speak, they just like them.
They understand you, they flow with you, they bend, they calf, they adjust, they adapt, they flow, they understand, they see the points.
before he realized he's a main person.
Yes.
I saw him moving the bus.
I said, yeah, babe.
The bus doesn't know that he's moving with a capital T. Yes.
The day we caught him, he had so much money in his house.
He used to steal the offerings.
Oh, he used to take the offerings.
People's weddings, he used to steal all the money.
People's
Foreign currencies, everything, people have come, whether you take all.
Yes.
But that's a person who will go to the next church.
Oh, Pastor, thank God for your life.
I've been to many what?
Miscellaneous churches.
I've been to what?
Many miscellaneous churches.
When we went Botswana during the miracle time, I asked one of the guys who was here, what changed you go to?
He said, miscellaneous churches.
Miscellaneous churches.
So you have pastoral care.
Yes.
One day a mental patient came to see the doctor.
And the doctor was telling me.
She said that when that patient came, she was a new doctor.
So when the doctor saw the woman has come, they called the new person.
She said, 100 this case.
The doctor told me the psychiatrist.
She told me.
She said, look, five hours.
She doesn't.
You're part of psychiatry.
care is to counsel, we call it psychotherapy, counseling.
Psychotherapy is a medical word for counseling.
Five hours, she doesn't understand.
And she was assigned five hours.
So after some days, she now saw that, hey, the seniors are characteristic, they assign me this woman, but they knew that nothing can change.
And they just gave it to me.
So after some of this, she also gave to a junior.
You see, when we know you for some time, we know your case.
That's why it's good to be in the same church.
Yes, and then they handle.
Because if you are in a church, even a thief, we know how to handle you.
Because we know how to handle thieves.
Jesus was handling thieves.
Jesus was a thief, they knew he was a thief.
Amen?
So thank God you are going to be permanent in the church with all your problems.
Don't make the mistake of going to deceive the next pastor and the next church and the state.
These are the people who know your real solution.
And number 11, the last point.
I told you I was giving you seven, but it was extra time, so why not?
You will be rewarded for your faithfulness.
Well, welcome good and faithful servants enter into the joy of your Lord.
So today, God is telling us when you are faithful and permanent, you come to the place where you see that, wow, I'm being rewarded for being faithful.
Amen.
What is reason number one for being permanent?
Number one, I cannot hear you.
Look at it, you must be permanent.
Look at it on the screen.
But maybe you wrote it down in your phone.
I hope you weren't sending WhatsApp secretly.
It says, you must be permanent.
Can I hear everybody say number one?
You must be permanent because you are part of a family.
Tell you whenever I'm not changing my family.
Number two.
You must be permanent because you are part of a building.
Are you going to be chased out?
Are you going to break out?
Number three.
You must be permanent because you are part of a garden.
Number four.
You must be permanent because you are part of a tree, isn't it?
Are you going to jump out?
Are you going to break off?
What's going to happen to you when you break off?
When you jump off the church building, what's going to happen?
Who tells you to jump off the church building?
And what happens when you jump off the church building?
Humpty dumpty.
Let's all say Humpty dumpty.
Ready to go.
Humpty dumpty.
Humpty dumpty had a great fall.
All the kingsmen, all the kings.
couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together.
Some of you didn't do necessary rhymes in school.
So please, let's write it down so at least you can teach your children one necessary rhyme.
Please write it down.
Please, I know some of you are just saying, your programs are in P. You did it, you did it.
And as a story, you didn't learn these ones.
Please write it down for us all to learn.
We are learning in church, I tell you.
Okay, write it down, we'll say it after.
Number five, you must be permanent because you will flourish.
Number six, invest freely.
Are you investing freely in the church?
Number seven, you must be permanent because you will have a family to celebrate your victories with.
Amen.
How many want to call people when
Something good is happening.
Let's eat kebab and let's be happy.
Is it not a good thing?
Yes.
It's a happy day.
Number eight.
You must be permanent so that you will see the fruit of your labor.
Amen.
Number nine.
Deception of short relate.
Some of you just sit by somebody in church and you say, oh, you're beautiful.
This is the one I want.
It's too short.
You got what I'm saying?
Some ladies who look like they are so good at cooking and serving, they don't cook in no noodle.
They don't cook noodle.
Take it from me.
As a dearest sister, do you cook noodle?
Number nine, number 10.
Consistent pastoral care.
Consistent pastoral care, isn't it?
And number 11.
How many want to have a reward for your faithfulness?
Wow.
Can you imagine you are running?
running, you've run, run, run, run, run, run.
This is the tape.
And just before you fall down, no way, God forbid.
You must make it.
Faithfulness means to be the same.
The word faithful is the same, eh?
I think the best synonym for faithful and loyalty is the same.
To be the same.
Just be the same.
Yeah.
It doesn't harm to be the same.
Stay the same.
You are nice here, be nice at home.
But you are happy now, be happy later.
If I look at Curtis, I'm his pastor.
For some years.
I'm the one giving him Capastura, OK?
Yes.
I know all his problems, everything.
So when I feature him, it's his pastor who is featuring him.
I'm not deceiving what I'm doing.
Yes, yes.
Same for yes.
So be permanent and reap the rewards of permanence in the name of Jesus.
Stand to your feet.
All right.
Father, we thank you for this opportunity.
Every standing, please, every standing.
If you are here today, you don't know Jesus as your savior.
You want me to pray with you.
You want to give your life to God.
Then lift your right hand like this.
I want to give my life to Jesus Christ today.
Lift your hand like this.
I see how I've lifted my hand.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
Lift your hand like this, like this.
like this, I want to give my life to Jesus today.
Now only those whose hands are lifted up, come to me now.
If your hand is lifted, come to me.
Come to the front here, to me.
Come, only those whose hands are lifted up.
You want to give your, if you didn't lift your hand, don't come.
And those who lifted your hands come.
Come on today.
Let this prayer now with your hands lifted up.
Say, Lord Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
I give my life to you today.
Please wash away my sins with the blood of Jesus.
I open my heart.
I receive Jesus as my Savior and my Master and my Lord.
Thank you, Jesus, for saving me today, from today.
I belong to God.
I will serve God.
I will follow Jesus.
I will be a member of the church.
I will be permanent.
In the name of Jesus, I pray.
Amen.
Now everybody, put your hand on your chest and pray for everybody.
Father, give us a spirit of permanence, stability and faithfulness.
Thank you for what you have done.
in the name of Jesus.
Receive a spirit of permanence, receive a spirit of stability, receive a spirit of grace to stay till you get your rewards.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus' name I pray.
Amen.
God bless you.
I'm giving you one of my books here.
As soon as we close everybody who has this book, come to this section here.
It's called Salvation Corner.
Come there, and your life will never be the same.
Amen.
If you have your book, you can go back to your seat.
It's time for communion.
Take your bread.
Everybody take your bread and we are praying over it.
Take your bread as we pray over your bread.
This is my body, which was broken for you.
Drink, this is my blood, which will share for you.
Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life.
For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drinking deep.
I think I got your breath.
All right.
Now this breath, are you there?
That we are receiving today, is a breath
That makes us one family.
You're my brother, you're my sister.
So take me by the hand.
Together we will work until he comes.
Stand to your feet.
Father, as we take this meal of love
Let the love of God that comes from Jesus, from you, through Jesus, to us.
Spread amongst us.
Make us a permanent family.
As we eat from one loaf, one bread, the body of Jesus Christ.
May we receive from you, Lord, all the healings and all the blessings and all the love that is only found in Jesus.
Thank you, the body of Jesus Christ.
Take the cup, whatever you lack in your personality, that makes you fight, quarrel, and be isolated.
Make the blood of Jesus.
Remove that sickness in your soul.
Whatever separates you, whatever isolates you, whatever makes you not blend in and join the family.
You are healed of it today.
Whatever is in your eyes, that cannot let you see the church as your family.
You are healed of that disease.
The cast is broken.
Life has come.
Healing has come.
May your sins be forgiven.
May your mistakes be washed away.
Whatever grievous sin you committed this week, last week and the weeks before,
May you find mercy through the blood of Jesus Christ, the blood of Jesus.
Lift your hands for your blessing.
God brought you from a far place, but the journey is not over.
There is more land
More years, many more miles to go.
For the years ahead.
May you have the wisdom for the years ahead.
May you have the grace for what lies ahead.
In the name of Jesus,
Wherever you have come from that is holding you connected to the past.
That chain is broken today.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
You are releasing to the future.
You are releasing to the blessing that God has for you in the name of Jesus.
May you travel to the nations that God has intended for you to travel to.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
May you go to the places God has intended for you.
May you become spiritually what God has intended for you.
In the name of Jesus.
I declare you live and not die.
Hah, tabah, tabah, tabah, tabah, tabah, tabah, tabah, tabah.
Those that predict your downfall shall be disappointed.
They shall see your rising.
They shall see your rising by the power of the Holy Spirit.
May the Lord make his face to shine upon you and favor you.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
Let me hear your loudest, I receive it.
In the name of Jesus, God bless you.
Take your offering as we close this service.
We have revival at seven today.
So I want us to close quickly in the next three minutes.
Now, how many of you received salaries?
Few of you receive, how many receive gifts?
How many receive money?
How many receive something?
The Bible says that tithe of everything is the Lord.
So whatever God gives you, a tithe, even though you don't have a salary, God will bless you.
Prosperity is not by salary.
If prosperity was by salary, those who work in the bank should have been the most richest, blessed people amongst us.
But I don't know.
You rarely see bank workers rising up.
And it's because the bank is based on deception.
There are seven deceptions in the bank.
Not for this service.
But I'm just telling you, seven.
Lift your offerings up for the tithe in Jesus.
Bless every tithe that today in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Bring your tithe to the front quickly, very quickly, very quickly, very quickly.
Can we have baskets in the front quickly?
Come on.
Are you guys sleeping or what?
Come to the front end.
Come on and give it.
Please give it.
I will open you the windows of heaven.
I'll pour you out a blessing so much you cannot receive.
So give all your
Now everybody, take out an offering.
If you want to prosper, you must lend to give, amen.
Everybody say, I'm learning to give.
Say, I'm learning to give.
I am learning to give.
I can't hear you.
Who gives my voice or girls?
Girls give more than boys.
How do you know that girls give more than boys?
A feeling.
Okay, we will do some research.
I will tell you the findings.
Lift up your offering everybody.
Say, I'm learning to give.
Father, we thank you as we give today in the name of Jesus.
And everyone said, amen.
to face your face experience.
And I'm so blessed to have you.
So we welcome you.
The installation of first time, please rise to your feet.
You are my first love.
And there is no other love that can compare.
Bless Jesus.
It is your holy love.
It is your perfect love that draws us to you.
And there's no other love that we desire again.
There's no great love that we could ever know.
But let's say, Jesus, you are my first love.
No other love that can compare.
Amen.
If today is your first time, we are so blessed that you fellowshiped with us today.
Right outside the service, don't be in a hurry to leave.
Kindly move to the salvation corner.
We have a gift from our prophets for you.
Is the only church that gives you an amazing gift.
Please take your seats.
Wedding bells, wedding bells, wedding bells.
Sylvester, I'm Ponce.
Eposenta overseer is getting married to Sonja and your name, Tagore.
Also, Eposenta overseer.
Please put your hands together for them.
Amen.
They're getting married on the 12th of October 2019.
The venue right here at the first love center
That's the first love wedding chapel.
The time is one day, one p.m., sorry.
The acales are all things bright and beautiful.
If you have any just cause why they should not be married, please say so now or forever.
Hold your peace.
They're gonna give us their practice kiss.
It's a practice kesunya.
Amen, please put your hands together for them.
Pastor Paul Anaba, wedding bells, wedding bells, wedding bells.
Pastor Paul Anaba, imba of the first love fellowship, is getting married to Anna Hayford of Lighthouse Shuffle International, who please put your hands together for them as they come up.
Oh, my first love fellowship, I can't feel your excitement.
They're getting married, coming Saturday, 5th, October 2019.
The venue first love wedding chapel, time 11 a.m. Their colors are royal, blue, white, and a touch of yellow or gold.
If you have any jazz cos white, they should not be married.
Please say so now, or forever, hold your peace.
Please switch our hearts together.
No practice here for you today.
Like our father said, we have revival at seven.
Life's two weeks was amazing.
And I believe today we are going to be so blessed.
So please don't miss revival.
I believe we are going to be revived.
Please, let's welcome Be Josh.
Hallelujah.
What a powerful time we've had.
How many of you are becoming first permanent members of the first love church?
Ah, this side, no permanent members.
Oh, wow, okay.
Amen.
Final announcement before we close this for Sunday, next week.
And I believe God is gonna do wonderful things here.
Amen.
Somebody asked me that where will the people fit?
That is our problem.
That's not your problem.
Amen.
But I want to encourage everybody here for the very last time, for the final push towards Swollen Sunday.
I really believe that God is going to use our church as a light and a city set on a hill to tend many people to write justness.
So your cousins, your friends, your classmates, your colleagues, and everybody that you know, one member, three souls.
How many of you are signing up to the one member
three souls, policies that lift your hands.
How many of you are bringing a bus?
Bringing a bus.
How many of you are bringing a taxi?
I want to see your waves, a taxi.
How many of you are bringing three people?
You are bringing three human beings here, amen.
I believe it's going to be our greatest one on Sunday yet.
And best of all, many people are going to meet Jesus Christ, amen.
We are praying over the names that you gave us.
We added some mornings on Friday.
We have people interceding for all your loved ones and God is touching their hearts.
Now this week we are fasting.
I'm sorry, you didn't hear me, I think it's the volume.
This week we are fasting.
And we are fasting and we are praying.
We are fasting and praying every morning.
We are waking up from 5 to 7 a.m. We'll be praying.
Or four to six, four to six, sorry, from four to six a.m. We're all waking up to pray towards our swollen Sunday.
What are we praying?
We are praying over the people who we are planning to bring.
Like God will touch their hearts.
The Bible says that God of this world has blinded their hearts.
Less than light of the glorious gospel should shine.
And so we are going to be praying that prayer from Tuesday to Friday.
Fasting six to six.
Drive.
I thought you would clap.
Six to six, dry.
Can I have an amen?
I'm happy for that amen.
And I believe God is going to bless us.
Can I have an amen?
From encouraging you, you know, like Daddy was saying today, we are part of a family.
We are part of a house.
We are one group.
We are part of a building.
We are one team.
So when we are going out, we can't have some people who are holding back and some people who are working hard.
Everybody here, nobody is, you know, I met Sister Lulu today.
She told me she's going to make sure her souls are getting ready for Swollen Sunday.
And so nobody from the front to the back, all of us are involved in bringing people to Swollen Sunday.
So maybe it's your first time here.
Maybe it is the first time you're hearing this.
But I tell you, you also are a part.
And the Bible says, when we favor God's righteous cause, he delights in the prosperity of his servants.
And so I believe a new wave of blessing, a new wave of marriage, a new wave of employment, a new wave of prosperity, a new wave of what other good things can happen to you.
It's happening to the First Love Church.
As we seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, all things will be added unto us.
Amen.
So I believe that's it.
Next week, 10 a.m., there's no fair service.
We're all passing into one service.
There's no fair service.
10 o'clock, we start.
And I believe, have you guys met a dancer star who danced in front?
Can possibly help you.
Amen.
And I believe God is blessing us.
So one last time, how many people are involved in the Swollen Sunday effort happening next week?
Wave at me, wave at me.
I believe God is blessing us, and we are going to have 25,000 souls.
Amen.
In this church, we don't ask for your money.
We ask for souls.
Can I have an amen?
And God is going to bless you.
So I believe we are done.
I stand to your feet as we welcome Mother Kay to help us share the grace.
Oh, stand to your feet.
You, this means you.
Amen.
Tell your neighbor I'm a permanent member.
Tell me about this is my church.
Tell anybody you offended me.
And I was about to live.
But you live before me.
I will never live here.
Amen.
The grace.
May the grace of Father Jesus Christ.
The love of God.
The communion, fellowship, contribution, participation of the Holy Spirit.
The 25,000 children.
which includes all the important people for my life and the first love of the spirit of power, love and a sound mind.
Be with us now and forevermore.
Amen.
God bless you.
Have a blessed week.
See you at Jesus next week Sunday.